Add a simple troubleshooting TL DR (#152)
digital-asset/cn-quickstart: README.md

$ make shell
```

> If a container fails to start there are a couple of things to try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a container fails to start, there are a few things to try:
```

- Ensure docker compose is configured to allocate enough memory (recommended minimum total of 8 GB).

> - Start fresh with `make clean-all` and then delete all the Docker images and volumes as well.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start fresh with `make clean-all` and then delete all Docker images and volumes.  
```

> - You may need to upgrade to a more recent DAML SDK installation so try `make install-daml-sdk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You may need to upgrade to a more recent version of the Daml SDK. Run `make install-daml-sdk` to assess your version and upgrade if you're not on the latest version.
```
